Adding New-CsOnlineSession (#5174)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsOnlineSession.md

online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/new-csonlinesession
schema: 2.0.0
manager: bulenteg
author: tomkau
ms.author: tomkau
ms.reviewer:
---

# New-CsOnlineSession

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a persistent connection to Microsoft Skype For Business Online DataCenter.

## SYNTAX

### UserName (Default)
```
New-CsOnlineSession [[-UserName] <String>] [-OverrideAdminDomain <String>] [-OverrideDiscoveryUri <Uri>]
 [-OverridePowerShellUri <Uri>] [-OverrideAccessTokenResourceUri <Uri>] [-SessionOption <PSSessionOption>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Credential
```
New-CsOnlineSession [[-Credential] <PSCredential>] [-OverrideAdminDomain <String>]
 [-OverrideDiscoveryUri <Uri>] [-OverridePowerShellUri <Uri>] [-OverrideAccessTokenResourceUri <Uri>]
 [-SessionOption <PSSessionOption>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### OAuthAccessToken
```
New-CsOnlineSession [-OAuthAccessToken <SecureString>] [-OverrideAdminDomain <String>]
 [-OverrideDiscoveryUri <Uri>] [-OverridePowerShellUri <Uri>] [-OverrideAccessTokenResourceUri <Uri>]
 [-SessionOption <PSSessionOption>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a remote session to Microsoft Skype For Business Online DataCenter.

> In this session, tenant administrator can run Skype For Business cmdlets to manage users, policies and configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this session, Skype for Business Online administrator can run Skype For Business cmdlets to manage users, policies and configurations.
```

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
```
New-CsOnlineSession -Credential User@Domain.com
```

Establishes a Skype For Business Remote PowerShell Session, supplying the credentials of an administrator account of the tenant.

### EXAMPLE 2
```
New-CsOnlineSession -Credential User@Domain.com -OverrideAdminDomain TargetDomain.com
```

Establishes a Skype For Business Remote PowerShell Session, with an administrator account that has permission to manage the tenant TargetDomain.com.
Please change the OverrideAdminDomain to your target Tenant domain.

## PARAMETERS

### -UserName
Specifies the user name of an administrator account of the tenant to be used when prompting for credentials.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: UserName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential

> Specifies a user account that is Tenant Administrator, or Syndicated Partner Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a Skype for Business Online administrator, or Syndicated Partner administrator account.
```

> Type a user name, such as "User@Domain.com", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one returned by the Get-Credential cmdlet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type a Skype for Business Online administrator account name, such as "User@Domain.com", or enter a PSCredential object, such as one returned by the Get-Credential cmdlet.
```

> When you type a user name, you will be prompted for a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you type an account name, you will be prompted for a password.
```

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: Credential
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OAuthAccessToken

> Specifies access token acquired already by the Tenant Administrator, or Syndicated Partner Administrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies access token acquired already by the Skype for Business Online administrator, or Syndicated Partner Administrator.
```

```yaml
Type: SecureString
Parameter Sets: OAuthAccessToken
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OverrideAdminDomain

> Specifies a domain to be managed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a default domain to be managed.
```

> This could be home domain of signed in user, or a different one that he/she has permission to manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
